
Question: whether a skilled decision-maker plan more steps ahead. -> use model fitting to show that human behavior can be captured using heuristic search. 
- Validation: 
	- Predict human choices, response times, eye movements
	- Turing test
	- Reconstructed experiments (what is this?)
- Result:
	- Increased planning depth with expertise
	- Experts **memorize and reconstruct board features** more accurately

Human planning: goal-directed decision-making -> plan along multiple branches in a decision-tree -> eliminate unpromising branches by pruning.
- Human behavior consistent with planning several steps into the future.
- Human use prospective info to guide current choices, locate the representation of prospective info to cingulate and prefrontal cortices.
- Computation cognitive model for human decision-making
- Validate using choice response time and eye movement data
- Use the model to investigate nature of expertise in planning.

### Computational cognitive model
- Using heuristic search
	- Heuristic function: maps board state to value estimation -> weighted linear combination of board features. 
		- Value estimation: use BFS to iteratively expand nodes
- Prune branches with low heuristic value
- Add Gaussian noice and include feature dropout for modeling human selective attention
	- Randomly ignores feature instances from heuristic function

### Model Validation
- 40 human played games against other human player. estimate:
	- Model parameters using five-fold cross-validation
	- Out-of-sample choices with 40% acc
	- 22 alternate models
	- Used custom fitting methods on parameters
	- **Feature based value functions, tree search and attentional oversights are essential**
- Generalization on 40 participants 1. play against computer, 2. 2AFC two-alternative forced choice between moves in a given position and a board eval task.
- Turing test experiment: 30 observers decide whether sequences of moves are generated by human or AI
- Use by the decision tree made by a best-first search. Then compare the predicted response time and true response time.
	%%To predict response times, we estimate model parameters from choice data, and we extend the best-first search algorithm using an early-stopping rule, which terminates the search when the model’s decision is unlikely to change with more iterations (Supplementary Information 10)%%
- Using eye movement, they found that distribution of squares visited by the cognitive model during its search process resembles this distribution of attention
	%% We estimated the distribution of squares that a participant overtly attends to on an individual trial by convolving their fixation trajectory with a Gaussian filter, truncating to unoccupied squares and averaging in time. %%

### Effects of experts
- Converted the set of parameters inferred for each participant in each session to three metrics: planning depth, feature drop rate and heuristic quality
- Show that individual differences in playing strength are also correlated with planning depth and feature drop rate, and not heuristic quality
Question: what is heuristic quality and "adding features", does this mean: heuristic quality here means number of the features, thus, adding features will increase the heuristic quality.
- For chess and Go, 
	%%For four-in-a-row, we found a small set of simple features that enable the model to explain people’s choices through manual exploration and model comparison. A promising feature-discovery approach for complex games would be to examine internal representations of neural networks trained to either play these games or predict human choices%%
Question: are there any models that combines search with attention? Feel like in this paper both planning depth and attention is important. And for finding this heuristic function, " A promising feature-discovery approach for complex games would be to examine internal representations of neural networks trained to either play these games or predict human choices", this seems important, but I unfortunately did not understand what is phrase is talking about...

### Modeling
Heuristic function + Tree search + Value function
#### Value function
